feat: uv support for Flask, Django and FastAPI extensions (#1308)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/reference/extensions/django-framework.rst

- The ``requirements.txt`` or ``pyproject.toml`` file must include ``gevent`` as a dependency.

.. _reference-django-framework-uv:

uv projects
-----------

If both a ``uv.lock`` and a ``pyproject.toml`` file are present in the project
root, the extension builds the application with the :doc:`uv plugin

> </reference/plugins/uv_plugin>` instead of the Python plugin, installing dependencies

Reviewer: This sentence felt a bit too long, I have proposed a suggestion to shorten it. Feel free to adapt it in another way if you so prefer.
```suggestion
</reference/plugins/uv_plugin>` instead of the Python plugin. It installs dependencies
```

from the lockfile with ``uv sync``. Gunicorn (``gunicorn~=23.0``) is injected

> after the build step regardless of the lockfile contents. In this case a

Reviewer: small nit 
```suggestion
after the build step regardless of the lockfile contents. In this case, a
```

``requirements.txt`` file is not required.

> If only ``pyproject.toml`` is present (no ``uv.lock``), the extension falls back

Reviewer: I feel the other option is not needed, it is clarified above what the two options are.
```suggestion
If only ``pyproject.toml`` is present, the extension falls back
```

to the Python plugin. If ``uv.lock`` is present but ``pyproject.toml`` is

> missing, packing fails with an error, as the uv plugin requires both files.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: I feel like the order of the information should be reversed since this new section is specifically about uv projects. My suggestion also incorporates @asanvaq 's suggestion.
```suggestion
The uv plugin requires both files, meaning the application
will fail to pack if ``uv.lock`` is present but ``pyproject.toml`` is missing.
If only ``pyproject.toml`` is present, the extension falls back
to the Python plugin.
```

- The ``requirements.txt`` or ``pyproject.toml`` file must include ``gevent`` as a dependency.

> .. _reference-django-framework-uv:

Reviewer 3: Do not merge before this docs mention uv is only supported by bases 26.04 and up.

Reviewer 2: With the way the current tabs are described, I think it's clear that uv projects are only supported for 26.04 and beyond
